With the way a lot of work gets
done today, it's important to
know how to collaborate with
others using digital tools
online.
With Microsoft Word, you can
share your document with others
so they can view, comment on, or
coauthor the contents with you.
This allows everyone to work on
the same document instead of
multiple copies of the document,
so you never have to worry about
changes or edits appearing in
some copies but not in others.
When you share a Word document
for collaboration, everyone can
work on and see changes at the
same time.
To share a document, open it in
Word and then click the Share
button.
From here you'll save it to your
OneDrive account.
This laces the document in the
cloud so it can be easily
accessed by everyone who needs
to work on it.
Next, you'll determine the
ermissions for the file notice.
By default it says anyone with
the link can edit this file.
If you need to share a document
with people, but you only want
them to be able to read it, you
can click here and uncheck Allow
editing.
Additionally, you can set an
expiration date so the document
won't be able to be accessed
after the secified date, and you
can also password protected the
document so only people you
share the password with will be
able to open the document.
I'm going to click cancel for
now because I do want to allow
editing and I don't need to set
an expiration date or password.
Next, you'll enter the e-mail
addresses of the people you want
to share the document with.
I'm going to share this with my
colleague Jade.
Her name and e-mail appears
here, so I'll select it and you
can share it with as many people
as you like.
You can add a message to explain
why you're sharing the document,
then click Send.
Microsoft will send an e-mail
that includes a link to the
document to your recipients.
Let's see what this looks like
from the perspective of someone
receiving the e-mail.
I'm actually logged into Jade's
e-mail here, and here's the
e-mail from Microsoft.
And here she can click Open to
open the document in Word
Online.
To edit the document, she clicks
Edit Document.
She'll have the choice of
editing it here in Word Online,
or she can use the desktop
version of Word if it's
installed on her computer.
Let's choose to edit it in Word
Online.
The great thing about
collaborating this way is that
everyone can see the changes
everyone else is making in real
time.
O If Jade adds some text to this
document and I switch back to my
coy of the document here in Word
on my computer, I can see that
change and I can see exactly
where Jade is working on the
document, which is indicated by
this colored cursor here.
If I roll my mouse over it, I
can see her name.
This is esecially useful if
there are multiple people
working on the same document.
You can see where everybody is
working in that particular
document at once.
Also, everyone's changes are
automatically saved, so everyone
else is always working on the
most utodate version of the
document and that's how to share
and collaborate on a document in
Word.